--> The negative event log has the following rules:
            1. If the register resource differs from Tester that implicates that the user resource differs from Tester. (r7)
            2. If the register resource is Tester and the process is not executed by Solver that implicates that the user complexity of repair is Complex and the user resource differs from System and the user resource is not Tester or the process is executed by Tester. (r1)
            3. If the register resource is Tester that implicates that the user resource is Tester. (r3)

--> While the positive event log has the following rules:
            1. If the register resource is System that implicates that the user complexity of repair is unequal to Complex. (r17)
            2. If the register resource is Solver that implicates that the user complexity of repair is Complex. (r21)
            3. If the process is not executed by System that implicates that the repair resource is Solver. (r37)

Comparisons between the set of negative and positive redescription rules that relate on the attribute names, but have different nature:
The first mined negative rule  is 'If the register resource differs from Tester that implicates that the process is not executed by Tester. (r7)' and its subrules comparisons to the positive subrules are below:
          - The resource for the event 'Register' differs from Tester in the negative rule, while in the positive rule r37, it is not System.
          - The resource for the event 'Inform User' is not executed by Tester in the negative rule, while in the positive rule r37, it is Solver.

The second mined negative rule  is 'If the process is executed by Tester that implicates that the process is executed by Tester. (r3)' and its subrules comparisons to the positive subrules are below:
          - The resource for the event 'Register' is executed by Tester in the negative rule, while in the positive rule r37, it differs from System.
          - The resource for the event 'Inform User' is executed by Tester in the negative rule, while in the positive rule r37, it is executed by Solver.

Concrete examples of traces that failed:
The process execution with 'Case No. 795' is deviant because the process is not executed by Solver (r37), the process is not executed by Solver (r21) and the process is not executed by System (r17).
The process execution with 'Case No. 375' is deviant because the process is not executed by System (r17) and the user complexity of repair is not Complex (r21).
The process execution with 'Case No. 466' is deviant because the process is not executed by System (r17) and the process is not executed by Solver (r37).
The process execution with 'Case No. 459' is deviant because the process is not executed by System (r17), the user complexity of repair is not Complex (r21) and the process is not executed by Solver (r37).
The process execution with 'Case No. 791' is deviant because the process is not executed by System (r17), the process is not executed by Solver (r37) and the process is not executed by Solver (r21).
The process execution with 'Case No. 685' is deviant because the process is not executed by System (r17), the process is not executed by Solver (r37) and the process is not executed by Solver (r21).
The process execution with 'Case No. 682' is deviant because the process is not executed by Solver (r37), the process is not executed by Solver (r21) and the process is not executed by System (r17).
The process execution with 'Case No. 888' is deviant because the process is not executed by Solver (r37), the process is not executed by System (r17) and the process is not executed by System (r21).
The process execution with 'Case No. 300' is deviant because the user complexity of repair is unequal to Complex (r17), the process is not executed by System (r37) and the process is not executed by Solver (r21).
The process execution with 'Case No. 368' is deviant because t(r17).
The process execution with 'Case No. 299' is deviant because the process is not executed by Solver (r21), the process is not executed by System (r37) and the user complexity of repair is unequal to Complex (r17).
