--> The negative event log has the following rules:
            1. If the process is executed by Tester that implicates that the user resource is Tester. (r0)
            2. If the register resource is Solver that implicates that the user resource is System. (r2)

--> While the positive event log has the following rules:
            1. If the process is executed by Solver that implicates that the user complexity of repair is Complex. (r1)
            2. If the process is executed by Solver that implicates that the process is executed by Solver. (r2)
            3. If the user resource is System that implicates that the repair defect fixed is True. (r5)

Comparisons between the set of negative and positive redescription rules that relate on the attribute names, but have different nature:
The first mined negative rule  is 'If the process is executed by Solver that implicates that the process is executed by System. (r2)' and its subrules comparisons to the positive subrules are below:
          - The resource for the event 'Register' is executed by Solver in the negative rule, while in the positive rule r2, it is Solver.
          - The resource for the event 'Inform User' is executed by System in the negative rule, while in the positive rule r2, it is Solver.

The second mined negative rule  is 'If the process is executed by Tester that implicates that the user resource is Tester. (r0)' and its subrules comparisons to the positive subrules are below:
          - The resource for the event 'Register' is executed by Tester in the negative rule, while in the positive rule r2, it is executed by Solver.
          - The resource for the event 'Inform User' is Tester in the negative rule, while in the positive rule r2, it is Solver.

Concrete examples of traces that failed:
The process execution with 'Case No. 793' is deviant because the process is not executed by Solver (r2), the process is not executed by System (r5) and the process is not executed by Solver (r1).
The process execution with 'Case No. 370' is deviant because the process is not executed by Solver (r1) and the process is not executed by Solver (r2).
The process execution with 'Case No. 936' is deviant because the user complexity of repair is not Complex (r1).
The process execution with 'Case No. 794' is deviant because the process is not executed by Solver (r1) and the process is not executed by Solver (r2).
The process execution with 'Case No. 934' is deviant because the user complexity of repair differs from Complex (r1) and the process is not executed by Solver (r2).
The process execution with 'Case No. 383' is deviant because the process is not executed by Solver (r1) and the process is not executed by Solver (r2).
The process execution with 'Case No. 888' is deviant because the user complexity of repair is unequal to Complex (r1), the process is not executed by System (r5) and the process is not executed by System (r2).
The process execution with 'Case No. 300' is deviant because the process is not executed by Solver (r1), the process is not executed by Solver (r2) and the process is not executed by Solver (r5).
The process execution with 'Case No. 299' is deviant because the process is not executed by Solver (r1), the process is not executed by Solver (r2) and the process is not executed by Solver (r5).
